- Previously on
"The Real Housewives
of Beverly Hills"...
- I let go of my marriage.
I let of everything.
I did not see
it ending this way.
I was gonna hold
that man's hand till he died.
- When you were married,
it was probably
more of what he wanted.
- That would be all of
what he wanted.
- And now you get to do
what you want.
- Right.
- You need to start thinking
about a bat mitzvah dress.
- Mom, no.
- You should be excited
about that, Portia.
- I don't even know
what to wear to a bat mitzvah.
- Portia's not socializing,
so it worries me,
as a mom, for her.
- It looks so cute, Harry.
It's Positano in Beverly Hills.
- Everything's kind of ready.
- Wow.
- Che bello.
- This is really good.
Wow.
- The word "violate"
is really crazy to me.
- Look up the word.
It is an abuse of privacy,
which is what you did to me.
- Why are you so defensive?
- You're upset
because you're jealous.
- Uh-uh. I'm out. I'm out.
you, Crystal.
- What am I gonna say?
- Jealous of what?
Your ugly leather pants?
- Oh my God. Oh my God.
Oh my God.
- No, no, no, no, no, no.
Nope. Nope, nope, nope.
- She said "ugly leather pants.
Ugly leather pants."
- What am I jealous of?
Are you ----ing kidding me? No.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Sutton, come here for a second.
- Hold on. Hold on.
Don't leave.
- Listen to me.
- Please, sit down.
- I don't--
- Listen to me.
- Sutton, what happened?
- Yes, I'm listening.
- Listen to me. Listen to me.
-
- Calm down, okay?
You're okay. And it's okay.
- Breathe.
- It's all right.
- Breathe. Breathe.
- Breathe.
- Get you a drink?
- I'm good. I think maybe
someone else needs a drink.
- It's all right, okay?
- Okay.
- It's all right.
I didn't handle that well.
- It doesn't matter.
- It's okay.
- Sweetie, what happened?
- That's okay.
- You know,
that was wrong of me.
I think they were pleather.
Not leather pants, but.
- Garcelle, tell me what--
- I'm a little shocked.
I don't--
- You were coming down
looking beautiful and smiling.
- I was like--
- And then it all blew up.
- Do you want me
to walk you out?
- No, no, no, I'm okay.
- Okay.
- Tell me what to do.
- I am always gonna be
100% honest with you.
- Yeah.
- The word "violation"
threw everybody for a loop.
- That's the word I used.
And if people don't like it,
they don't like it.
I'm not gonna take back
a word that I used,
actually, correctly,
and it means...
- Crossing the line.
- A violation of privacy.
Crossing the line.
She crossed the line.
- Girl, come on.
You got to bend a little bit.
"You know, hey,
maybe I went out of line,
but I also felt like you
did something."
At least acknowledge that.
It doesn't mean
you're not right.
- Can we just go sit down...
- Well, it's your home.
- And have a cocktail,
and we can talk a little bit
if we're uncomfortable?
Thank you.
- What does it take to get
a drink around this place?
- What can I say?
- You and your ugly
leather pants.
- I don't know what to do.
I don't know what to say.
- Nothing.
- What did she say?
- But you can't egg her on.
- What'd she say?
- Lisa wants everybody
just to sit down.
- Let's go.
- Okay, I will, I will.
But, like, tell me--
- Let's go.
You guys do that.
- No, no, baby, you're fine.
- Ooh, are those hot toddies?
- So whatever
you wanna do, honey.
I do not want you
to feel pressure.
If you feel
comfortable enough--
- Come sit next to me.
- Okay, I'm coming.
Crystal, I apologize for
talking badly about your pants.
I think they're very cute,
actually.
- Fashion--it's not
that important.
- No, I don't care about it.
- When you insult someone's
outfit, that is below the belt.
- Not everyone likes
what everyone wears.
Sutton's wore
some questionable sh--.
- I think the pants
are darling.
- I never had this.
- It's, like, a whiskey,
and it's really--
- But we all thought this was
done and finished
and we weren't gonna
talk about it again.
But Sutton was in tears
and wanted to leave.
She still feels uncomfortable.
- Did something I say
trigger it today?
- No, it's just your presence.
- My presence. Okay.
- Now, was that necessary?
- No-no--do you--y'all,
come on.
It's hard for me to, like,
be here and be with you,
'cause you made judgments
about me without knowing me.
- You know that line?
"When people show you
who they are, believe them"?
That's all.
- Why are you constantly mean?
- You're upset because
you want be to apologize
for something that you did.
I will not.
Let's be clear.
- No. Let's--
- I will not apologize...
- Get your fingers...
- For your actions.
- Out of the air.
- You're an inappropriate,
awkward person.
Period.
And then you want to cry
and get empathy?
You're not gonna get it.
Trust me.
- Okay. One, I'm not crying
to get empathy.
I was crying
because I wanted to leave.
- Then leave!
It's obnoxious.
- Mm.
- I think we should put
on your big girl panties.
Tell her what you need.
- What do you want from her
so we can move on?
- You have hurt me.
In a lot of ways.
"Manic" is a little much.
- It is.
- I don't trust your reactions.
It feels, like, kind of manic.
- Kind of need that one
to be retracted.
- I'm not taking that back.
- Well, I think manic, because
she had confessed to you
that her father
had committed suicide.
- And he was manic.
- I don't judge you based
on your father's story.
- Right, but she just--
she's just telling you why
it's a sensitive subject.
- Sure. Okay.
- Why it particularly
stung like a bee.
- Okay, I take away
that you're manic,
and I'm sorry that you feel bad
that I said that,
and I won't say that again.
- But don't say that
unless you believe it.
- I said I won't say it--no,
no, I said I feel bad--
- Don't say it
unless you truly--
- Wait, Lisa.
- Don't say it.
- Did you hear what I said?
- Say it again.
Don't say it unless
you believe it.
- I said I feel bad
that I said it.
- Okay.
- And I won't say it again.
- Okay, good.
Hmm.
This is definitely going
in the non-apology
apology hall of fame.
- Okay, if you guys apologize
to each other.
We don't talk about it again.
- But we gotta make sure
that you're okay. Are you okay?
- I am more than happy
to move on from this.
- Awesome. Good.
- So let's be done.
- Let's forget about
being jealous.
Let's forget about whatever
ugly pants we're wearing.
This is me lowering
my expectations and moving on.
- We don't want to ever
feel like we're pushing
someone over the edge.
- That's right.
- That is mixed up.
- Messed up?
- Messed up, mixed up.
- You know what?
- No, but I'm serious.
- Here's the thing, guys,
stay true to yourselves,
take one day at a time,
and live in the moment.
Right?
That's all we can do.
- And lock your door.
- Right.
- And lock your damn door.
- Don't need to say that.
You don't need to say that.
- I did.
- You gotta stop.
- Shut up, Sutton.
Just zip it.
- I was making a joke.
Come on.
- I know.
- Too soon.
- I am drunk.
- Me too! Yay!
- Hi, Kyle.
- Oh, Kyle.
- You know I'm positive.
You got my text.
-
- Yeah.
- Okay.
- Dorit has it also.
- Kathy, Dorit, and I have
all tested positive for COVID.
- How are you feeling?
'Cause you're in it.
- Yeah. I just feel--you know
when you, like, don't feel good
and you feel emotional?
I just feel, like, depressed.
- Oh.
- So now, the entire group
has to quarantine
for at least two weeks.
- It's scary.
- Coming up...
- We are here for you, Erika.
We know who you are.
You would not do this.
- I didn't do this.
- Have you been
on social media,
the news, anything at all?
Something broke today about her
and Tom being sued.
- Wow, this is on Fox News.
- It's everywhere.
It's everywhere.
- There's news reports
coming out that are alleging
that Tom embezzled this money
from victims
of this plane crash,
and to see Erika's name
involved in it is shocking.
- Seeing these headlines
makes you cringe.
Sone of these victims,
they're widows, orphans.
That's the punch in the gut.
- You just can't imagine this
is somebody you know
or you spend time with,
and this is possible.
- Is this the tip
of the iceberg? I don't know.
- I have no idea
if it's true or not.
But I have to be able
to keep an open mind
and say innocent
until proven guilty,
because I'm going based
on the person that I know.
- How are you?
- ----ing horrible.
How do you think I am?
This sucks so bad.
The things that are being said
are just wrong.
People are believing them,
and they're everywhere,
and it's terrible,
and I'm here by myself.
And what's being said is
just--I mean,
it's insane--that
my divorce is a sham.
But nobody cares
about the facts.
- So, when they say
it's a sham--
- They said my divorce
is a sham
so I can help hide assets.
The answer is no.
- How do you hide assets
in a divorce, though?
- I wouldn't ----ing know.
Divorce is very painful.
And then having it called
a sham is even more painful.
Took a lot of courage
to leave,
and it took two seconds
for some asshole
to say it was a sham,
and everybody to believe it.
When I filed this divorce,
I was a gold digger.
This week,
"you're a conspirator."
I mean, what the (BLEEP)?
And none--neither
one of them are true.
- Are you totally in the dark?
Like, what is the situation?
- Well, you have to-you
have to remember, it's the firm
that they're dragging in,
so they're suing the firm,
and I'm being attached to it.
- I can't answer that.
I don't know
what happens from here.
Some very bad things
could happen.
- That is the answer--
that is the question.
I don't know why
I would be named in a lawsuit
I have nothing to do with.
- Like, what is the worst?
- Criminal charges.
- Not for you, though.
- No.
- What does that mean exactly?
- It could be
a criminal investigation.
- Right.
You know, when you
allege sh-- like that...
- What does that mean?
I'm scared to even say it.
- Yeah.
It means a lot of things.
- It's so ----ed up.
I've got more lawyers
than I can ----ing afford.
- Doesn't he have to take care
of that, since he's, you know?
- Not right now, you know.
Not right now.
Not with everything else
going on.
I think I'm the least
of his worries.
- Yeah.
- And he hasn't given me
one dime
since I've walked out
that door.
So this is all on me.
- Yep.
- To be out here on your own
and to have, like,
millions of dollars
worth of lawsuits
pointed out you is heavy.
And to know that the person
that got you here
has been like--
you know, like,
what the am I gonna do?
I wake up every morning
and I think about
what I need to tackle
on a legal front every day.
- Oh, my God, Erika.
- It's just one
of those things.
I mean, I--
- How long could you
be dealing with this for?
- God. Well over a year.
- Oh, my God.
- You're strong, and you're
gonna get through this.
- It's a lot.
It's depressing.
- And being in this lockdown
doesn't help matters either.
- God, no.
- No, it gives me, like,
really high anxiety.
- You can literally call me
any time you want to talk
or you have anxiety.
You know that I know
how to deal with anxiety.
I can talk you through that
and be there to listen,
and I'm not going anywhere.
- Thank you.
- Me too. Me too.
We are here for you, Erika.
We know who you are.
You are a good person.
- I didn't do this.
- I know.
- I know that, Erika.
- We know you didn't
do it, Erika.
We know that this
is not who you are.
You would not do this.
- Didn't do this.
- I know, sweetie.
- Coming up...
- Makes you feel better
if the person that you had
put up on a pedestal--
- Is really a piece of sh--.
- Horrible allegations.
You almost go, like,
is it the same person we know?
- I feel like this is,
like, a never-ending
----ing
- Hello, hello!
- Hi.
- Hello!
- Come on in.
- Hi.
- Is he getting on your nerves?
- Oh, are you kidding me?
- Stop leaning on everybody.
- Are you kidding?
I love-I love this.
- Do you want something?
May I get you
something to drink?
- Should we go outside?
- We can.
I just don't know where she is.
- Hi.
- Oh, there she is.
Oh, my God.
- Yes. There we go.
- How are you?
- Hi.
- You look adorable.
-
I have lots of liquid for you.
- Yay. Thank you.
Well, welcome to the unfinished
little bungalow.
This house is very small.
- It gives me the chills.
I love it.
Don't say it's small.
It's not small.
- Girl.
- Don't--
- Let me grab my purse.
- Okay, bring your purse,
and we'll go--
we'll sit outside.
- Oh, okay.
- Because the best part
of this house is outside.
Come on in here.
- Look at this cute pool.
I love this pool.
It's just a great backyard.
It's a great vibe.
- Champagne?
- I love it.
- Well, you know my new motto.
Why not?
- I know. Like, yesterday,
I was like, "It's 3:30.
Is it too soon
to have a cocktail?"
- The answer is no.
- It's not.
- I hold on so long, at the end
of the day, I'm like--
- Well, you've got little kids.
- Sometimes I just burst
into tears
- I'm sure you do.
- It's really bad.
- That's hard.
- Here's to bursting
into tears.
-
it's hard.
- Bursting into my own
set of tears.
- Have you been
bursting into tears?
- Yeah, I have been.
- Hello?
- I am in front of your house.
Hello.
- How are you?
- I'm good. How are you?
- I'm better.
- Let's be safe.
- Walk along the side
of the house
and come to the backyard.
- Okay.
- Hello?
Hello?
Garcelle?
- Yeah?
- Hi.
Oh, my God. I feel so--
- Rapunzel, Rapunzel,
let down your hair.
- I know.
My hair with the gray roots.
- Oh my God. Listen.
You look good, considering.
- I mean--let get my dog.
Get over here.
- Okay.
Well, while you do that,
I'm gonna put this down.
I'll put it on
your pedestal here, I guess.
Kyle and I have come
a long way.
- Then you came to
my charity event,
raised your paddle
to donate $5,000
to Children's Hospital
Los Angeles, and never paid.
- What? You better watch
what you're saying.
That is not true.
You saying I didn't pay,
that's why it hurt so much.
- I totally understand.
And for that, I apologize.
- Thank you.
I can't believe now
I'm Romeo to her Juliet.
Although, I'm not
drinking poison for her.
Uh-uh.
I still don't have my boys.
- Oh, my God.
- I spend by birthday alone.
- I still haven't seen
my family.
They-they hightailed it
out of here.
- They did go to the desert?
- My-my husband
was burning rubber.
He was like,
"I hope you're okay."
Like, I mean, done.
So ironic to me that on
"Little House on the Prairie,"
there was an episode called
"Quarantine,"
where I had scarlet fever
and was in isolation.
- No, papa. Hot.
- This is the drink
It'll be good
for your throat and your mouth.
- No, papa. Hot water.
- This is one time
where I really did not
need life to imitate art.
So, they're gonna
come home tomorrow.
- Oh, that's good.
- So, now that I'm better,
Kathy's better,
Dorit is better,
we want to finally do
our girls' trip to La Quinta.
- What?
- Yes!
I want to come sneeze
on you, Garcelle.
- I'm not going anywhere--
you guys have cooties.
I'm not going
anywhere you're going.
- Kathy, Dorit, and I
are the safest people
to be around right now.
- Yeah, that's true.
I may have to call
Naomi Campbell
and get her hazmat suit.
- Yeah, exactly.
I'll send an email
to everybody.
- And Erika's coming.
- I'm assuming.
I'm gonna invite everyone.
- Okay.
- How are you, Erika?
- I'm not good.
I called my psychiatrist.
- Good.
- Important.
- It's too much pressure.
So painful when
you read things...
- I know.
- About that lawsuit that says
that my divorce is a sham
so I could hide assets.
Does this look--
- Doesn't look like
you're hiding any assets.
No.
- That has big implications,
and unfortunately
people want to believe that.
- Why? It's horrible.
- You know,
it makes you feel better
if all of a sudden the person
that you had
put up on a pedestal...
- Is really a piece of sh--,
really steals from widows
and orphans.
- But why do people want that?
- And then they go, "See?
I knew it."
- Because there's a sadistic
streak in everybody.
People think that Erika Jayne
brought down Tom Girardi.
Tom Girardi
I don't want his actions
to absolutely kill
what I have created.
I fear starting over.
The only thing I have
is my name,
and the hope that this is not
where this ends for me.
Those who know you know,
but if you've never had to deal
with anything like this,
then of course it's easy
to believe everything
that's put out there.
- Every day,
it's something more.
- With Erika.
- Yeah.
- I know.
- Horrible allegations.
To think that people
passed away--it's horrible.
Has she said anything
to anybody?
- I mean, I've spoken to her
a couple times,
and she just said
it's been really, really hard.
And she said,
"I didn't do these things.
I did not do these"--
- She actually said that.
- She said that.
- But, like, this stuff
that came--were
you--did you know?
Oh, wow.
- I ask myself
what else is coming?
- Do you have any idea?
- None.
It's not just Tom
going down with the ship.
He's taking us
all down with him.
- You seem like you have
a very good head
on your shoulders,
dealing with this.
This is-this would be
really intense. I mean--
- She's smart. You know.
- The people that stayed
with him,
the people that were loyal
to him,
he's brought it on them
as well,
through whatever he's done.
We don't even know
what he's done.
But he's made a mess
for all of us.
It's mile one of a marathon.
And that's really the truth.
- It's unbelievable.
You almost go, like,
"Is it the same person
we know?" Like--
- Just knowing her like I do,
I'm like,
"This just
is not ringing true."
- Yeah, you've known her
a lot longer than-
- Yeah.
- Than me, obviously. Horrible.
- Nightmare.
- Yeah.
- One of the reasons
I don't think this divorce
is a shame is maybe Erika,
once she found out
these lawsuits were coming,
decided, "I'm not
staying around for this,"
and decided,
"I'm gonna get out of here."
- Maybe Tom did these things.
But I don't think
Erika knew about it.
One thing that I do know is
that husbands can have secrets
that wives don't know about.
- But obviously, when you're
married and you trust someone
and you-you love them
and you've spent
that many years together...
- Yeah. Yeah.
- You know, you just trust.
- Blindly sometimes.
- I'm gonna give you a lesson
that I've learned.
When I entered my marriage,
I was 28 years old,
and the power balance
was like this. Right?
You see what's happening
to me today.
Please look
at your bank accounts.
- Yeah.
- You have to.
- I deal with all
the living stuff.
But, like, when it--like--like,
a bank account freaks me out.
- Please...
- Don't ignore it.
- Yes, I know.
- You need to know...
- Yes.
- Where your money is, what's
coming in, what's going out.
Like, you need
to know everything.
Most women don't know.
- Totally.
- A lot of these women
that I know don't really work
or make their own money.
But I'm the one
who pays the bills.
What if, God forbid,
one day, Rob's gone?
With Harry and I,
everything is joint,
except for we each have
our own personal account.
So I've always known
where the money is
and where the dead bodies
are hidden and buried.
- I think also, too, the more
money your husband makes,
the more they shut you out.
And then 22 years later,
it doesn't end up great.
- I don't know every detail
about our financial situation.
But I know Rob would be happy
to share it with me.
And if he didn't, that would be
a red flag for me.
- If you were to do it
differently,
now that you know
what you know,
and you're going through
what you're going through,
or don't--
- Or I don't know
what I don't know
- Exactly--what would
you do differently?
- Right.
- I don't know that
there's anything--
I could have done
anything differently,
'cause I kept asking, and
I was continuously shut out.
- Oh!
- Okay.
- Two years ago,
when I was named
in a lawsuit in Arizona,
I was like,
"I didn't do anything."
And then I went home
and I said, "What is this?"
And he said, "It's bullsh--.
Don't worry about it."
And when I pressed further,
"I don't want to
talk about it."
I pleaded, I begged,
I cried, I tried.
I pushed as hard as I could,
until I couldn't push anymore.
- Right.
- I know how mean
and how vicious and how utterly
dismissive Tom is.
Tom wins. You lose.
The end.
That's the way
it's always been.
- Coming up...
-
- Sue.
Awhoo!
- Hi!
- Hi.
- Hi, guys.
- Hey.
- How are you?
- We're good.
- You guys are so cute.
Delilah has been dating
Eyal Booker
for over a year now.
Amelia watched "Love Island."
She saw Eyal, and she said,
"Eyal is a male version
of Delilah."
So Delilah slid into his DMs.
I know how these girls work.
- Be patient, always.
And, you know, half the time
they're on their period,
so you always
have to remember that.
He has started
a fitness business,
'cause if you've seen his body,
this is a creature
like no other.
I want to show you something
that I told you
that I still have.
It's so--
- It's so silly,
but it's here in the garage,
but I want to show it to you.
- You know what, I gotta-I
gotta deal with this situation.
I'm not kidding. All my good
dresses are down here.
It's even on a wire hanger.
Hang on.
How do I show you this?
I'm just gonna put it down
on the floor.
It's all right.
Look at this.
- Look how gorgeous it is.
- Well, I saved it for you.
Some parents pass along
gun collections,
stamp collections.
I pass along vintage dresses.
No one's ever asked me for them
and no one's ever said,
"I want to wear the"--
- Well, I can't do that.
You don't want those dresses
in your main closet,
'cause there was no room.
Well, at least not
in my main closet.
So, it is in the garage.
And it's not fancy.
And it's dirty.
And it's not cute.
This dress was $5,000
when we bought it,
so it's got to be worth
probably 20 now.
It's an original Herve Leger.
I mean, they don't even
make them anymore. It's done.
But they're all protected.
They're covered.
And they're fine.
And now I've great
locks and padlocks,
and things on those doors,
so don't think about
coming for my dresses.
They're locked away.
I have a Versace
that Gianni Versace made me
when I was pregnant with you.
- That one's yours.
- You can probably wear it
before you're pregnant, I bet.
Maybe after you
just have a burrito,
you'll probably be fine.
When we finally got the dress,
with my pregnancy,
I had gotten bigger,
and it didn't fit in the back.
I'm, like,
an organized hoarder.
I knew exactly where it was.
So Harry runs down
to the garage
and gets a pair of pliers,
and somehow is able to fix
the dress in the back
and make it fit, of course.
Excuse me
while I move the gas can.
This is a vintage
Tom Ford Gucci,
with the gold belt.
Like--
- You guys always thought
I was weird,
and now you all of a sudden
think I'm cool
because you realize
what good sh-- I have.
I worked hard
for these dresses.
I bought them myself.
And I'm an only child,
and I don't like to share.
So the fact that I've saved
these dresses
to share with the girls
is a big deal for me.
I'll show you--if you want
to come here,
I'll show you
my little private stash.
I really gotta get
this nice, though.
My expectations are not high.
I think it's gonna be
one Instagram shot
and forgotten about.
You can come and wear
anything you want.
- You want to know something?
- What?
- Amelia told me that she's
your favorite child.
So you can make it
up to me with--
- I don't have
a favorite child.
I love you both the same.
- Yeah, I'll be telling
my kids that too,
but I won't mean it.
- Ah!
- Oh, my God,
you guys--killing me.
- Sue. Come here.
Awoo!
- Awoo.
-
- Ah-oo!
Arf.
Sue. Awoo!
- Hi.
- Hi, honey. How are you?
- I'm good.
I'm not hugging.
- Mwah, mwah, mwah,
mwah, mwah, mwah.
- Mwah, mwah, mwah, mwah.
Oh my God, these are so pretty.
- I have been working on these.
- I should be doing this.
- These are all my--
my new collection.
- I love them.
- Aren't they pretty?
- Look at this one,
with the creepy looking doll.
- The little girl.
- Oh, that doll is terrifying.
- No, look at--her eyes open.
- Demented.
- No.
She's a little vintage girl.
- Looks like "What
Happened to Baby Jane?" to me.
- Well, I'll let you know
I love that.
I always come up
with all my little fantasies.
I could see, you know, angels
or soldiers, teddy bears,
crystal fruit, vintage snowmen,
little miniature shoes,
an old Saks Fifth Avenue
receipt--absolutely beautiful.
- I'm having--not having
a good day.
- What's wrong?
- Just really depressed.
Really just--it's all
getting to me.
- You know what,
it's a very emotional thing,
getting COVID.
- For me,
it's the parenting thing.
I don't even feel like
I can do a good job right now.
I really don't.
It's like--
- You're the best.
- But I-I feel like
I can't do anything.
Portia's so little,
and she can't do anything.
She can't go anywhere.
She's just, like, home.
- I know, honey, it's hard.
- I've always prided myself
on being a really good mom.
That's, like, my thing,
you know?
It's my favorite thing.
What I'm best at.
So I don't like to see
my child not at her best.
Why have you missed
some of your classes, honey?
- The other day, I missed
my first two classes...
- It's 12:30.
My kid as asleep when I left.
What am I gonna do? Wake her?
There's nothing to do.
Just makes me feel like
I'm not doing a good job.
- Yeah, sure.
- If I had done things
in the past, I could have
kept up dancing for her,
have somebody come privately,
outside, or something,
but I can't even do that.
I hear so many people say,
"Oh, my kids are missing
their friends and missing
going and doing this,"
and my worry's actually
the opposite,
seeing Portia
being comfortable
not going to school,
not seeing people,
not leaving your home.
That is what worries me
as a mom.
I'm trying so hard
to keep her with kids her age.
- Right. That's important.
- And she's so mature as it is
that it's like,
I want her to be a kid.
- And not just be
with the older sisters.
- Exactly.
- 'Cause they're on
different pages.
- Well, you know I would
never normally allow her
to have those long nails.
What are your teachers
thinking about those nails?
- I'm like this.
They don't see my--
it only shows, like, here.
- How can you even type
with those nails?
- 'Cause I'm a queen.
- But she has nothing to do,
so she wants to play
with makeup at home
and put on these things
and take them out
and put--what?
I mean, am I gonna say no?
For what?
There, like, new rules,
even, anymore.
- You're not alone.
Everyone's feeling this.
- Really?
- Kyle and I were not
on good terms for a while.
- Since "American Woman,"
it's not like it was before.
We did everything together,
talked every single day,
ten times a day.
It's not like that.
- It feels wonderful to
be there for Kyle and for Kyle
to be there for me
if I need her.
- Just one of those days,
you know?
- You have to get it
off your chest.
- And I know it could be
so much worst.
I spoke to Erika, and--
- How is she doing?
- Not good.
She was just saying--just,
like, the headlines
and the things out there
about her that aren't true,
and she can't defend
or explain herself.
- Look, at the end of the day,
life is a poker game,
and everybody's got
to show their cards.
- Kathy, shut up.
- Coming up...
-
Kyle, this is so hard.
I could have never predicted
this-this ----ing sh--.
- Ever.
- Waylon. Waylon. Waylon.
Way. Way. Way. Mm-mm.
Are you stuck?
Come here. Come on, Way.
- Oh, my goodness. Oh!
- Oh, my goodness.
- Oh, my goodness. It's Waylon!
- Hello, my gorgeous boy!
This is like having
a toddler with teeth.
- Don't tell Kyle, but we-we
may have eaten a little...
- Oh, well, I'm sure...
- Piece.
- You'll-you'll fix it.
- Yeah.
- I'm sure.
- The unmentionable.
- Little crown molding here
and there. Little molding.
- Porter's here.
- Hello.
- Hi, Porter.
- How are you?
- I'm good.
- It's nice to see you.
- It's nice to meet you again.
- Little faraway hug.
- Faraway hug.
- I know. You've met.
- We met, I think...
- We did--
- At the store.
- We met--
- That's right,
at the store opening.
- Yeah.
- We met briefly.
- I need to have the girls
over for brunch again.
- We need to do that.
- Now I'm a pescatarian.
But I'll eat.
- What!
- She likes fried fish, though.
- I like--yeah.
- Porter is my oldest.
She's a freshman
in college this year.
She's a girly girl, like me.
And she is very quiet,
unlike me.
- Well, grab a sandwich
or something if you want.
- Oh, yum.
- We can take these nuts out.
- She's double majoring
in history and French,
so she's very smart.
And she loves music.
She has a beautifully voice.
She plays the piano.
And she's, like,
a mother's dream.
- I miss everybody, you know?
- I do miss everybody.
- I do.
- I've been, like,
texting with Dorit.
- She just got cleared
in order to see us.
- To see-and to see her kids.
- To see people.
- I know.
- It's so bad.
- Well, not being able
to see the kids.
- Oh.
- I just kept thinking about
how torturous
that was for you or is for you.
- They didn't understand,
and "I don't care
if I'll get it, Mommy.
I don't care,"
screaming, crying.
"I'll get it, Mommy.
Please, let me get it."
- Oh!
So tell me about college.
- It was really, like, hard
to meet people,
I think, in the beginning.
And then I joined a sorority.
- Oh, good.
- And that helped a lot.
And so I met some friends--
- What sorority is it?
- Kappa Kappa Gamma.
- That's what I was.
- Really?
- Shut up!
- I was a Kappa Kappa Gamma
for five minutes.
I only went to college...
- Five minutes.
- For one term.
- We're sisters.
- So it doesn't really count,
but I was a Kappa Kappa Gamma!
- That is lovely.
- Whoo!
I missed out
on a lot of good keggers.
I should have stayed.
- It must be a very smart group
of women
that join Kappa Kappa Gamma.
- Right?
- We're called Kappa
Kappa Geniuses.
- Oh.
- Ooh!
- Oh! See? There you go.
You're a Kappa Kappa Genius.
- Yes.
- I'll take it.
At the time, I don't think
it was the nerd sorority.
150 years ago, it was actually
the "cool girl" sorority, okay?
- It's so nice
to have her home.
- What a beauty.
- Well, you have beauties.
And so you do kind of go...
- Wow.
- "Please, boys..."
- I know.
- "Just stay away."
- Was she strict?
Or is she strict?
- She was, like,
strict with me.
- Porter is not allowed
to have lip fillers.
And I'm strict
with how you dress.
Calling adults by "Mr."
and "Mrs."
"Please" and "thank yous."
Curfews. Boys.
I try to preserve
my kids being kids.
- You have the prettiest eyes.
- Thank you. You too.
- You're gorgeous.
- Wonder where she got those.
- Yeah, I wonder.
- They gon' stay little for
as long as they can.
And they're gonna play
Uno with me at home
on Saturday night.
And like it.
Porter is 18.
- Yes.
- And Amelia's 19.
- Correct.
- Yes.
- We need to, like,
have a little meetup sometime.
- Oh, yeah.
- I would love that.
- Not a playdate.
- A playdate.
- I was about to say
"a playdate."
I was like,
"Oh, we are adults now."
- I know, you are adults. God.
- When is your birthday?
- May 4.
- So, you are...
- A Taurus.
- A Taurus! Ah.
Okay, so she's a Gemini.
- Gemini.
- So.
- I think Tauruses and Gemini
get along.
- I'm sure.
- I think so.
- Yeah, I don't know
about that playdate.
I don't know about that.
All right, so what's going on
with Erika?
I have to ask.
- Well, I mean...
- It's grownup business,
as far as I'm concerned.
- Yeah. We don't even know what
we're dealing with, you know?
- I have no clue.
You know, I know a little bit,
but I don't know facts.
Divorce sucks, but this is,
like, worst divorce ever.
It's like one
of those milkshakes
that has a lot of things in it,
and they grind it up.
It's real messy.
I'm not gonna make any kind
of judgment
without knowing real facts.
- Well, why would you?
- I would never.
- Yeah.
- It's cold.
- It's cold out here.
You know, I've never been here.
- Virtual hugs.
- How are you?
- I'm happy to be outside.
- I'm happy you're better.
- Just being in my room
for so long
was making me a little crazy.
- Yeah. You go stir crazy.
Girl.
- How are you?
What's wrong?
- Oh, my God. I feel so bad.
I can't even give you
a hug right now.
- It's okay.
I'm just overwhelmed, and--
- Erika, I'm sorry.
- It's okay. It's okay, Kyle.
- What is going?
- Exactly. What is going on?
- Well, come talk to me
before we--sit down
for a minute before we walk.
Oh my God, Erika. I'm not used
to seeing you like this.
I'm sorry.
- Kyle, this is so hard to do.
This is so hard.
What's happening is so hard.
I've never been
this overwhelmed,
and in a place where my hands
are literally tied.
And I-I just--I mean,
I could have never predicted
this-this
----ing sh--.
- Ever.
- Oh, my God, Erika.
I'm not used to seeing you
like this.
I'm sorry.
- Kyle, this is so hard to do.
This is so hard.
What's happening is so hard.
It's just--I have
such a story to tell.
I can't tell it, 'cause
it--it's not the right time.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay, honey.
Don't cry. It's okay.
- I know,
but I just feel so bad.
- I've never been
this overwhelmed,
and in a place where my hands
are literally tied.
And I-I just--I mean,
I could have never predicted
this-this ----ing sh--.
- Ever.
- Ever. Ever.
Ever predicted that
this would be what's happening.
I'm sorry. I know there's snot
coming out my nose.
I don't even care anymore.
- Erika.
There's nothing I can do
except wait
to tell my side of the story.
And, you know, the feeling
of just not knowing,
and then these huge things
being alleged,
and just having
to defend yourself,
it's just a lonely,
lonely place to be,
because...
God, Kyle,
my divorce is not a sham.
- I know.
- It's just not.
I mean, nobody wants
to be in the position
I'm in right now.
It is really unenviable.
Being the possible target of a
federal criminal investigation
is, like, not cool.
To have all those things said
about you, which are not true,
and then to have everyone
basically question everything,
it's lonely, and it's quiet.
And you would be shocked at
how quickly people turn on you,
how quickly people distance
themselves from you.
Automatically,
they, you know, turn,
because they don't-they
don't want to be involved.
They were there
when it was good there.
- Yeah.
- Want to know
who your friends are?
Go broke. Want to know
Go to jail. Want to know
who your friends are?
Ask them to help you
bury a body.
I don't know. You'll find out
who's there for you.
I just hope someone's checking
on Tom, because he's not good.
- What is happening with that?
- I don't know.
- Like, have you talked
to him at all?
- No. No.
No. No. No, no, no, no, no.
Not since the day I left him.
Tom is a proud man.
One of the reasons
that I filed for divorce
is the resistance to anything,
the resistance
to a conversation,
the resistance to,
"Hey, you know, I've noticed
that you can't see well."
"What are you talking about?
I'm fine."
"No, you can't see well.
You can't hear.
You're ----ing degrading
in front of me,
and you're ignoring it."
I am so sorry to unload
all of this all on you.
- Erika, listen, that is
what friends are for.
And we're not here for...
- This is just--
- To hang out and--
- I know, we're not here
for the good times,
then we're not here for just--
- We're talking about people
leaving for--you know,
when it's not a good time.
I'm not that friend.
- I know, I know, I know.
You're not.
- You can always call me,
middle of the night.
- I know, but you have
your own family.
- No.
- You're been sick with COVID.
- I don't care.
- I just feel bad.
And you've been
checking on me every day
while I've been sick, you know?
And I've been really
worried about you.
I'm only asking you things that
are already out there anyway.
- Go ahead and ask me anything.
It doesn't matter.
I can't run from--
- I'm reading this headline
that he's now asking you
to pay his lawyer bills?
- Oh, yeah. That was great.
Well, you know,
that's just him being
a ----ing ass.
- That really shocked me,
because, first of all, I mean--
- First of all, how?
- A, I mean...
- How?
- You know, he's always
been providing for you. Yes.
- That's right.
- And then you did your job.
- Of course.
- But you--he was
your provider--
- He's always made more money
than I have.
- Well, he knows
you can't perform
right now, too,
with everything.
- He knows everything, honey.
But he's concerned
with himself first.
You know, it's him first.
God, I can't believe I'm gonna
----ing say this.
As much as Tom encouraged me,
I think he resented me
every step I took forward.
Around the time of "Chicago,"
Tom's view of me had changed.
Like, he was like,
"Who the do you think
you are?"
I was like,
"What are you talking about?
You-you gave me the ball.
I ran into the endzone with it.
What the
are you doing?"
- Well, he's also
angry you let, probably.
You know,
so it's your punishment too.
- Oh, he's down to punish
my ass
all the way to the ground.
- He has not...
- He's not--
- Been an angel.
- No, he's not an angel.
My God.
it's--no, he's not an angel.
People don't know that.
They see this husband out there
who's, like,
campaigning for his wife,
and "she's so great"
and "she's so great."
- My God.
- But at home,
it wasn't that great.
I didn't tell anybody
because I don't think anybody
would truly understand.
Because from the outside,
it looks one way.
I...
I'd go to hug him, and...
he wouldn't hug me back.
There was another life
happening.
The outside...
Saw a lot of support.
But the inside was not.
There was a lot of conflict.
- You have to be scared
for your future.
Like, and then get a call--
- Scared for my future?
Hell, yeah.
I'm like--it's all I can do
just to wake up every day
and not, you know,
want to go back to sleep,
because it's just ----ed.
There's no other way to say it.
I mean, it's just a disaster.
- I know.
- Tom is in the place
that he's in,
which is his own personal hell,
and I cannot help him.
I cannot help him.
And--
- That must feel horrible.
- Oh my God, Kyle.
- I know.
I know.
I remember
you saying that you--
- I-I can't.
- You know, you always thought
you were gonna be there
for him until the end.
- Until the end.
Well, this is the end.
- I'm sorry.
- It's okay, babe.
- I feel so bad.
- It's okay.
- No, I mean-I mean--
- You know, it's not the end
that anyone ----ing wants.
Because it's torture to see
someone just ----ing melt.
- Next time on "The Real
Housewives of Beverly Hills":
- Hello!
- Welcome!
- I'm so happy to be here!
- Whoo!
- Yeah!
- Whoo-hoo!
- Whoo! This is so nice.
- Where are my 15 luggages?
- Do they have a man here
that can help us?
Some of it's heavy.
- I do not want
a big one like this.
I want a big one,
but I don't want it this big.
- Do we know how it went
with Tom today?
- The government froze
all of his assets.
- Does that mean
you can't touch your money?
- No, you can't.
- You can't touch it.
- No.
- It's not okay, and it's not
gonna be okay for a long time.
You've been married to somebody
for 20 years,
and you know
that he is not mentally well.
- He didn't come home,
and you're like,
"Where is he?"
So you went looking for him?
- I was just assuming
he was with some other woman.
-
- What?